[frogs croaking]
[quiet ominous music playing]
[animal chirruping]
[hissing]
-[water splashing loudly]
-[growling]
[roaring]
[ominous music playing]
[drumbeat]
[band plays "When the Saints
Go Marching In"]
[indistinct chatter]
-Oh!
-Here we go.
Wow. I was getting
worried about you.
Well. there was
a cute guy at the bar.
Of course there was.
-Another one?
-Got you a gift.
Thank you.
"We light the party."
You heard the man.
Come on. light 'em up.
Why do I always do
what you tell me to do?
Especially when I know it's
gonna lead me down a path.
Yes. Okay. okay...
Here we go. Okay. all right.
-We are gonna do the toast.
-Pinkies up.
[both]
We're not here for a long time.
we're here for good time!
Yes.
-[song ends]
-[patrons applaud]
-No.
-Okay.
We're gonna do one more.
-No!
-Yes. This one...
is for your mom.
[cell phone vibrating]
[sighs]
Seriously?
Mr. Stone. Hi.
[woman] And it's crazy.
It's got everything...
No. Sorry. I mean.
yes. I have. sir.
It's just that I've had
this vacation approved
since last year.
and I did all the extra hours
and the work.
Mr. St...
[whimpers]
[man] Gonna see
loads of animals.
[Hannah]
Oh! Like what kind of animals?
Oh yeah. alligators. turtles.
lots of birds.
-Hola. señora.
- How'd it go?
I am gonna call it a night
and. uh. go back to the hotel.
No. no. no. no.
This is Rodrigo.
He has just given us
a discount to go see alligators.
In the bayou.
Okay. well...
You guys go have fun
and see lots of gators.
and I'll meet you back...
No. miss. No. miss. Wait.
Your friend's already
paid for you both.
Eleven o'clock.
tomorrow morning.
I promise you.
it's gonna be a blast.
-Awesome.
-I will see you tomorrow.
See you tomorrow. Bye.
Surprise.
I just got fired.
What? No.
Oh shit! I'm so sorry.
Hey. I told you
that guy was an asshole.
Well. sis. we're not
going anywhere then.
Uh-uh. no.
I have my mom's credit card.
and she specifically said.
"Spend all my money."
Hannah. I really
needed that job.
Dude. you will fix it.
Come on. You always fix it.
Why do you think
I keep you around?
Come on. just one more. Please?
Gators?
Yeah. we can do nature.
Cheers.
Whoo!
We need more.
We should get more.
[upbeat Latin
dance music playing]
Whoo!
[thunder rumbling]
[gentle acoustic music playing]
[snorts]
Okay. 11 o'clock.
Gator Joe tour.
Come on. don't be shy.
-I don't bite.
-[Sally] Hi.
Let me just get those here.
You want a teenager?
[Rodrigo] Oh no. I've already
got three of my own.
Daughters.
Oh. okay. You win.
Here.
-There's three of us.
-Okay.
Come on. Dad.
I don't have time
for a quick smoke. do I?
We should get going.
but once we arrive it's okay.
-Okay. I can wait.
-Thank you.
Hop on board.
Oh. no.
Oh. shit.
Good morning. ladies.
[laughs]
How are the heads feeling today?
Enjoy the night?
Wait. don't answer that.
The sunglasses tell the story.
Welcome to New Orleans.
Hey. Mike. you ready
to see some gators?
Mike.
-What?
-You ready to see some gators?
[laughs] Huh?
Man-eaters. Ah!
Everything smells like bleach
trying to mask puke.
Well. I look forward
to your Tripadvisor review.
Oh. that was a good one.
Rodrigo. right?
Yes. uh... hop on.
[Hannah] Ugh... stinks.
-Oh. hi.
-Hi.
Hi.
Hi. I'm Sistine.
And this is hungover Hannah.
Sally. Tim. my son Mikey.
[Sistine] Nice to meet you.
Well. it's...
it's Mike. actually. Hi.
[woman] Hey.
Dionne Edwards.
Okay. I see
you've dressed for the day.
Ugh. work trip.
Only packed for one night.
Flight got pushed
to the red eye.
-This is the VIP tour?
- Yes.
Are you guys excited
to see the gators?
Are you kidding?
I can't wait. yeah.
We're definitely gonna see
some gators today. right?
Sure. we're gonna see plenty.
I promised my son
a picture of a big one.
You got cell reception
on the bayou?
Uh. signal is a bit patchy
on the water.
but you can send your photos
once we get back.
-Okay.
-Please.
On board.
I'll take care of this.
Oh.
Go ahead. Come on in.
Thank you. Hi.
I'm Dionne.
but you can call me Dee.
Nice heels.
[laughs] Work hard. ladies.
Okay. good to go?
- Yeah.
-Yeah. Let's go.
Ow. my head.
[upbeat country music playing]
[laughs]
[turns engine off]
Okay. welcome to Gator Joe's.
So. restroom breaks.
snack breaks. rest your legs.
Boat leaves in 30. okay?
When you are ready.
please head that way.
You'll find me
setting her up. okay?
[Hannah] Wait.
you're the boat driver too?
[Dionne sighs]
Well. I prefer "captain."
I will see you shortly.
Mm.
Captain Rodrigo.
El Rodrigo.
Rodrigo...
Gotta get a picture.
Hey. Cap. Wait up.
[Sistine] Oh yeah?
[Dionne]
I saw in the map that we're...
-[Hannah] Ready?
-Yes.
Room for glasses.
-[Sistine] All right. go.
-Got it?
-[Sistine] Beautiful.
-[Hannah] Yeah.
-Oh. my God.
-What?
You brought your ex-boyfriend
to the bayou.
Jason was much uglier than this.
[Sistine] We're in the bayou.
We're gonna
go look at some gators.
[Hannah] Gators.
I got my gator jacket on.
Wait. Oh. shoot.
I always forget to turn it on.
[rings]
[upbeat country music playing]
[gasps]
Chop-chop.
Oh.
-Look at this one.
-This is what you're missing.
Hey. Mikey.
[Hannah]
You can kill someone with that.
Well. and then
you can wear that shirt.
Yes. Oh. my God.
-It's giving "convict."
-Ow!
[door closes]
[wistful harmonica
music playing]
[Mike]
Oh man. look at this thing.
[Sally] It's creepy.
Whoa.
Hey. come look at this.
What is this?
Like a saber tooth?
Wrong.
I caught that in Africa in '98.
That's the most dangerous
animal they've got.
Territorial.
supremely aggressive.
responsible for over
500 human deaths a year.
Vegetarian.
which means
he ain't killing you to eat you.
He's killing you for fun.
[Mike] Well. what is it?
Hippopotamus.
[giggles]
Uh. a hippo?
All right. Yeah. sure.
I mean. that's...
[José] You think
there's something funny
about staring down the barrel
of a three-and-a-half-ton beast
with no natural predators?
I've seen them taking down
lions. crocs. cars.
Cars?
Ain't nothing they're scared of.
And nothing they've got
a conscience about.
besides protecting the young.
The mothers
will die for their babies.
You're a hunter.
Where are you from?
Portugal.
I own the place.
-[door opens]
-Killed everything in here.
Ew. it's so dirty.
Says here you nearly
had hippopotamuses
here in Louisiana?
Meat shortage.
turn of the last century.
Robert Broussard wanted
to bring hippos from Africa
to replace cows.
-[Sally] Really?
-[Mike] That's crazy.
So. is this one's skull?
I always thought hippos
were so cute.
You know. their little ears.
The only cute hippo
is a dead hippo.
[chuckles nervously]
Can I take a photo with it?
Five bucks.
Seriously?
Fine. take your pictures.
I got shit to do anyway.
[Hannah chuckles]
-Okay.
-[door opens]
Hey. could you
take a photo for us?
Oh. yeah. yeah. Sure.
All right. Very good. very good.
-We'll do some tusks.
-Okay.
Oh yeah. there you go.
There you go.
[chuckling] Oh. yeah.
-[laughing]
-[both] Cheese.
[Rodrigo] There you are.
Okay. right on time.
-[Tim] This is it. huh?
-[Rodrigo] Yes.
-[Tim] I'm Tim. by the way.
-[Rodrigo] Oh. Tim. Hi.
-Hi.
-Hello.
[Sistine] Oh. don't worry.
-Okay. yes. of course. Please.
-Thank you.
-Okay. please.
[Rodrigo] Bueno.
-[Hannah] You got it?
-[Sistine] Yep.
Okay. good.
So. what'd you say. my man?
Uh. I'll probably
just sit next to Sistine.
Ah.
Okay.
-[Mike] Do you mind?
-[Sistine] No. no. Sit. sit.
[Mike] Thanks. Yeah.
So have you ever
actually seen an alligator?
Uh. well. in a zoo. yeah.
-Same.
-Yeah. yeah. We're from Buffalo.
Your mom.
she would have
really loved this.
I know.
I gotta go. I'm in the swamp.
Make it happen.
Miss Dionne.
it's nice for you to join us.
Please. sit right over here
next to Tim.
-Oh.
-Here. I'll give you a hand.
Watch your step.
And over. okay?
-[Mike] You need help?
-Oh! Oh. shit!
I... I am so sorry.
It was an accident.
-I didn't...
-It's okay.
These your kids?
Yeah.
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
[Rodrigo] Listen up. everybody.
Please. listen up.
We don't technically
need life jackets.
but if you would like one.
please say so now.
-That'd be me. please.
-Me too.
[Hannah]
You're hardly gonna drown.
Okay. Miss Dionne.
please pass these down.
Here you go.
You know.
not for nothing. Sally.
I understand that alligators
are attracted to bright orange.
It makes them really mad.
Drives them berserk.
I'll take my chances.
My man Tim is half correct.
Gators are actually attracted
to bright colors.
-Ha.
-But they prefer pink.
And not just to attack.
but also to play with.
Now. the point of today
is to have fun.
I don't need to tell you
that some alligators
have been known to bite.
so please keep your arms. legs.
and cameras
inside the boat at all times.
-You hear me. ladies?
-Yes.
[Rodrigo] Good.
And as a special treat.
as part of your experience.
I'm gonna take you to see
the biggest one
in the area. Big Ben.
Fantastic. How big?
Oh. last time I saw him.
over 12 feet.
-Ooh.
-That's pretty big.
[Rodrigo]
Okay. shall we get going?
-[Sally] Let's do it.
-Yes.
[Rodrigo] Okay. let's go.
All right. here we go.
[boat motor revving]
Okay.
[engine whirring]
[Sally] It's beautiful.
[bird tweeting. wings flapping]
[soft music playing]
[Tim] Over here. guys.
-[Sistine] Hannah. raccoons.
[Sally] Didn't realize
they live out here.
[squeals]
[indistinct chatter]
[Dionne]
When do we see the big one?
[Rodrigo] We are on our way.
Those are a bit creepy.
[crow cawing]
Selfie.
-Here's Mike.
-You want me in it?
-Hey. Hello.
-Hi.
[beeping]
[Sally] Oh. he loves animals.
[Sistine] Oh my gosh.
he wanted to come up to my face.
[Tim] This big one
lives pretty far out.
[Rodrigo]
It'll be worth the journey. Tim.
Big Ben's tracking tag
shows it's right here.
[beeping]
Let's try and lure him up.
Marshmallows?
Yes. they float on the surface.
Gators mistake them for eggs.
Huh. That's cool.
So... how long does it take?
Normally something
would have eaten them by now.
Maybe Ben has scared
everything out of the area.
Well. is... is he still here?
[Rodrigo] His last GPS ping
was two minutes ago.
Right here.
Let's try some chicken.
[Sistine chuckles]
Ew.
[dramatic music playing]
How big is the radius
of the tracker?
Because. I mean. could we just
try again around the corner?
Good idea. yeah.
[Mike] Wait. should we
grab the chicken?
Hey. don't.
-Gators jump. man!
-[yells]
-[all screaming]
-[water splashing]
[laughs]
[Mike] I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
-Oh. my God!
[Rodrigo] We got a comedian.
Don't do that again.
[Rodrigo]
Okay. everybody chill. okay?
[Hannah]
Why would you do that?
We got plenty more
chicken. okay?
Arms and legs
inside the vehicle.
-[Mike] I was joking. I'm sorry.
-[Rodrigo] Guys. please.
[Sistine] Dude.
I'm like on edge.
[Tim] I got you. I got you.
[Hannah]
I thought it was funny.
[gentle acoustic music playing]
Is that Ben?
[Sistine] Oh. my God.
-[faint beeping]
-[flies buzzing]
What the hell?
[Hannah] Oh. my God.
-[Tim] What the hell did that?
I. uh...
[murmuring]
Something big.
[Tim] Well. you're gonna
call it in. right?
Warn the other tours?
What's your protocol?
Do you have a protocol?
I'll let them know
when we get back.
[laughing] This is wild.
Get me closer for a pic.
No. ma'am.
We're getting out of here.
Look. I paid you extra to see
the biggest gator in this area.
Now. take me over there.
Where are the other tour boats?
I'm sorry.
what did you just say?
Yeah. a $300 tip.
Can you believe it?
-Say that again.
-All of us. can we please...?
No. no. no. Are we even
supposed to be here right now?
All right. you know what?
Here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna get me and my
family and all these nice people
the hell away from here.
all right?
Right now.
I just want one photo.
It'll literally take a minute.
Everyone. please calm down.
Please.
How far off the route are we?
Uh. three. four miles.
Up swamp?
Call in our position.
-Sit down.
-Give me the radio.
-[Rodrigo] Sit.
-[flies buzzing]
Please.
Grandpa. hey.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
He's the wrong guy
for this tour.
Hey. okay. great.
Let's go.
[flies buzzing]
There's a straight stretch
up ahead.
Yeah. don't worry.
I'll be speaking
to your boss about this.
-[loud thud]
-[all yelp]
What the hell
is wrong with you?
What was that?
[all scream and gasp]
[Hannah] It's okay.
It's underneath us.
What the hell?
[all scream]
[Mike] Whoa!
If we wind up in the water.
just try to stay together.
-[loud thud]
-[all screaming]
Hannah!
[gasps]
-Hannah...
-[Hannah] Here!
Everyone. get out of the water!
Get back on the boat!
[gasping] Dad!
[Sistine]
What the hell was that?
Come on!
Where's the captain?
Hurry. hurry.
Get out of the water.
Help her up.
[panting]
Come on!
-I got you.
-[Tim] Where's Mikey?
[Mike shouting]
It's okay. Hey. get on the boat.
[Sistine] Mikey...
Where's the captain?
You gotta come back.
-Come on.
-I'm going for the tree.
[Tim] No. it's not safe.
[Sistine screams]
What was that?!
Dad. will you please
get out of the water?
[Tim] That's it. honey.
[water bubbling]
-[Sally] Get out of the water.
-Yeah. okay.
-[Mike] There's something there.
-[Sally] You're okay.
[Hannah] Get in the boat. Tim!
[Mike] Quick. Grandpa.
Watch his feet.
-Whoa!
-Rodrigo!
[gasps]
[Mike] There he is!
There he is!
[Sally] Rodrigo!
Come on. Rodrigo! Come on!
Swim to us!
Swim! Please!
[Sistine] Hold my hand!
[all shouting]
[boat creaking]
[water bubbling]
-What is that?
-[loud thud]
Hold my hand!
[Sally] You gotta hold on!
Don't let go!
[boat creaking]
Dad! Dad!
[Tim]
Brace! Brace! Hold on!
[loud crash]
[Mike] Hey. where is it?
-[Hannah] I gotta get off.
-I think it went under.
-[Mike] Where are you going?
-[Hannah] The tree.
Oh my God. he's bleeding.
He's bleeding really bad.
[Tim]
Everybody. stick together.
All right. let's just look out
for one another.
[Sally] Turn him up
into the middle.
-[Mike] What the hell was that?
-[Tim] Hey. Mike. come here.
Help me up.
[Mike] One. two. three...
-[screams]
-[Hannah] Do you see anything?
-[Dionne] No.
-Mikey. get in the tree.
Sally. you get up there too.
as high as you can.
-We need to help him.
-[Tim] Right.
That can-do attitude.
Let's keep that going.
Okay. I'm a nurse. okay?
I'm gonna help you.
[tense music playing]
Oh.
It's bad. but it looks like it
missed your vital artery.
You're losing a lot of blood.
so I'm gonna have to cauterize.
-Do you understand?
-[panting] Yeah.
I need some kind of hot metal.
right now.
-[Tim] Okay.
-Flare box.
I see it. I can get it.
I just need a long branch.
There's tons of branches here.
I can snap one.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hold on. I got it.
Breathe.
Nice and easy.
Yeah. we're gonna get help.
You'll be okay.
Nice and easy. Nice and easy.
[Sistine breathing heavily]
[dramatic music playing]
Can you get it?
That's it. There you go.
-That's it.
-[water bubbling]
That's it. that's it.
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music swelling]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Right here. Here we go.
All right.
I got it. I got it.
He got it.
Okay. that's it.
Hey. Hannah.
you have reception?
No.
No. nothing.
I got my knife. It's steel.
Get that blade
as hot as possible.
I'll hold him down
and you seal the wound.
This side first. hold and seal.
And then we flip him
and again on his back. okay?
-Okay. all right.
-Okay.
-[breathing heavily]
-[Sally] Okay.
Have you done this before?
Yes.
I can help you. I can help.
[flare sizzles]
That was amazing. by the way.
Thank you.
[Mike] Woo!
[Sistine] Look at me.
Don't look there.
-It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
-Bite this.
-[Sistine] It's okay.
Okay. we're hot.
Okay.
-[Rodrigo groaning]
-Okay.
Now!
-[sizzling]
-[screams]
[birds chirping]
[Hannah] Hello? Help!
-[Mike] Help us!
-[Sistine] Help!
Can anyone hear us?
Please!
Someone's hurt!
[Mike] Someone's injured
and we need help!
-[Sistine] Hello!
-[Hannah] Help us!
[Sistine] Help!
[Hannah] Help?
[Mike] Please help us!
Hello?
[Sistine] Please help us!
[Mike] Help!
[Sistine] Help us!
Welcome back.
[Mike]
If there's anybody out there...
-[Rodrigo groaning]
-You're okay. You're okay.
Don't move.
Did it come back?
No. It's been
about ten minutes.
Nothing else
has come around either.
They won't.
We're off course.
I'm sorry.
[Sally] It's okay.
We're alive. you're alive.
Get some rest.
Hey. what animal did that?
Big.
Gray.
It took me to the bottom
and held me in its mouth.
But your wound. it...
It would need a 10-inch tooth.
It doesn't make any sense.
Captain...
do you still have your radio?
Water would have
shorted it by now.
under the boat.
But the tracker
would have gotten
our last GPS location
back to base.
They probably won't realize
we're missing
until closing time.
But when they do.
they'll know where we are.
We just have to wait it out.
When will that be?
Boss closes up at 7:00.
Wait. so another five hours?
We can't be out here after dark.
[Tim] Agree.
We've got to gather up
everything that's useful.
Food. water.
You know. like Apollo 13.
Like that.
[Sally] Great idea. Dad.
[thunder rumbling]
[Tim] Oh. jeez.
Oh. Christ.
[laughs]
[Dionne]
What else does Gator Joe
throw in on the tour. huh?
Flying piranhas?
Can you. like...
Can you grab my bag?
It's got my snack.
[Dionne] Hell no.
Are you crazy?
Get it yourself.
[gentle music playing]
Close. Try again.
Dad...
It's been almost three hours.
He's getting weaker.
I think his wound's infected.
Might be internal bleeding.
pierced lung.
sepsis.
I can only do so much with
a dollar store first aid kit.
-Yeah.
-If it's a tissue infection.
he's going to need
a hospital immediately.
How long has he got?
In this environment?
[Tim] All right. listen.
you've done
a really good job. Sal.
Why don't you get some rest?
Go up in the tree.
I'll take care of Rodrigo.
Mikey should have
the water pretty soon.
I think so.
Oh.
Close.
You'll get it.
[animal grunt echoing]
[birds wings beating]
[Sistine] Oh!
God. it's so hot.
I feel disgusting.
How are you
making this look so easy?
I don't think I am. Hannah.
[Hannah] Well. watch this.
-What are you doing?
-Look.
Just be careful. Don't fall.
[Hannah] Ah. got it.
-[sighs]
-Good job.
-Very well.
-Oh. that feels so good.
-[Sistine chuckles]
-Oh!
What. are you giving up?
Uh...
yeah.
-Um...
-Yeah. give me a try.
Make sure
you put your jacket on.
otherwise you'll get burned.
Don't want to look old.
[Sistine]
Bugs are a nightmare.
-[laughs]
-Are you...
Are you serious?
On your first try? Really?
Okay. All right. okay.
Nothing but net.
I guess I got
a little distracted.
[Tim] Mm-hmm.
-Oh. Jackpot.
-[Mike] Wow.
[Tim] Here.
Take one of these.
Give it to your ma.
One to Rodrigo.
-[Mike] Yeah. all right.
-I'll take care of the girls.
-There you go.
-Thank you.
Thank you so much.
How you doing?
We're hanging in there.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-How are you?
-All right.
Okay. Yeah.
What if the...
it comes back
before they find us?
Well. you're safe as long
as you stay out of the water.
I promise I'm not gonna
let anything happen to you.
That thing you did
with the knife earlier.
-that was really cool.
-Oh. yeah.
It's... it's my daughter.
She's very smart.
What about you?
All that climbing you did.
Pretty impressive.
It was awesome.
Hey. where's your wife?
Oh.
She. uh. fought for a long time.
We're not designed
to be around forever.
Anyway. I'm gonna go down.
take care. Rodrigo.
You know what?
You should take this.
It'll make you feel better.
No. no. no.
It's yours. I can't...
No. it's just a dumb
retirement gift.
Take it. Hold on to it.
give it back to me later.
Wait. Tim...
Huh?
What did you do for a job?
Oh.
New York's bravest.
Empire State Fire Authority.
Ladder 42.
Okay. hear me out.
I so would.
Would...
-What?
-Yeah!
They don't make them
like that anymore.
Oh my God. you mean
like back in the day. right?
No. I mean like now.
[faint chatter]
[ominous music playing]
[panting]
Oh. God.
-It's nice to see you smile.
-[laughing]
I mean. before this. um...
this trip you've...
you've been a little off.
Okay. so...
You know how
your mom always says...
"You gotta work hard and then
the luckier you're gonna get."
Yeah. I do know that.
I don't think
that that's true for me.
Because I have
been working hard
and I haven't stopped working
since my mom got sick.
Sis. Sis...
I'm trying to pay off
the medical bills so that...
They're gonna take my house.
They're going to take it.
-No. they're not.
-I failed at college.
I failed at gymnastics.
I failed at taking care
of my mom.
[cries]
I can't even keep
a minimum wage job.
That's so... I am a failure.
Listen.
Please.
Forget the job.
They don't deserve you.
You are so much
better than that.
I mean. we just survived
an animal attack in the bayou.
-[laughs]
-Come on.
Put that on your résumé.
Come here.
I'm a little scared.
You're gonna be okay.
[water bubbling]
Grandpa.
It's back.
All right. Mikey.
get up in the tree.
Sally. get up there
as high as you can.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mike]
Come on. Mom. go get higher.
-[branch snaps]
-Oh! Ah!
[Sally] Mikey!
-Mom!
-Sally!
-[gasps]
-Move! Move!
Where did it go?
[Tim] Get over there!
Come on.
I can't... hold on!
[Tim grunting]
Honey... honey. move!
Come on!
Come on. move!
-Hurry.
-Oh. fuck. fuck. fuck.
[gasping]
[Tim] That's it. Sistine.
Swim. Bring her over here.
Over here.
I got you. I got you. I got you.
Come on out.
[all yelling]
[snarling]
[gasping]
Sistine!
That's it. that's it.
[water bubbling]
[tense music playing]
.[tense music swelling]
Oh my God.
-[loud thud]
-[screams]
No!
Hannah!
Come here. come here.
Swim to me.
[Tim] Come this way. Miss!
[screaming]
[water bubbling]
Swim!
[Tim] Swim!
Hurry. Hurry.
[panting]
[grunting]
Hurry. Come on!
No. no.
Hannah. swim under that bridge.
I'll pull you up from above.
Okay. you got this.
Hannah. swim!
Swim. Hannah!
-I gotta help them.
-Please. Dad.
[Dionne] Swim. Hannah!
-You're almost there. baby.
-[Hannah] Get me out of here!
She's never gonna be able
to reach up there.
[Hannah] Where'd it go?
Has it gone?!
They'll both die trying.
Help!
It's under me! I feel it!
[sobbing] I'm so fucking scared!
It's gonna be okay.
All right? You'll be okay.
Now you get off this boat right
now and get up in the tree.
-Dad!
-Get up. Get up. Up the tree.
Get up!
-Come to me.
- I can't.
-It was right there.
-[Tim] Yes. you can.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
Listen. you'll never make it.
On three. swim to me.
One. two...
[screams]
[gasps]
No! Sis!
I need you
to get me out of here!
Grab hold of me. please!
Come on. Grab me.
[groaning loudly]
Can you jump? Come on!
You got this. You got this!
-[screaming]
-Come on!
Come on. come on!
[wailing]
-[loud crack]
-Ah!
You have to keep swimming.
[suspenseful music playing]
Keep going. keep going. Hannah.
Come on.
[laughing]
[Hannah shrieks]
[gasps]
[shrieks]
[sobbing]
Hannah!
[crying] Hannah.
Oh. no. no. no!
I'm sorry. Mike.
[somber music playing]
Please. please. God.
get me out of this.
[Sistine. sobbing] I can't...
I can't...
I can't move.
Hannah!
[somber music continues]
[thunder rumbling]
[lightning cracks.
thunder rumbling]
[woman] Bye! Thank you!
You tell your friends
about Gator Joes now.
You good. boss?
Seen Rodrigo?
He's five hours late.
Hey. is his tracker on?
Good idea.
It's not.
Hey. you. uh...
You need help?
I ain't paying you overtime.
I'll find him.
[static crackles]
[engine starts.
rock music plays]
[thunder rumbling]
[Sistine] Be careful.
Be careful.
[Sally]
Let me help with that arm.
[Sistine] Thank you.
Don't-- Don't fall.
[Sally] It's okay.
Hey. it's okay.
[sniffling and whimpering]
[Sistine crying]
Oh.
I'm just...
If I hadn't fallen in...
then you wouldn't
have gotten in.
And my dad...
He was very brave.
He was stupid.
The good kind of stupid.
-[loud crack]
-[screams]
-Hey? Hey?
-Yeah.
There we go.
[panting]
[sobbing]
Okay. Okay.
It's going to be...
[faint rock music playing]
Rodrigo!
[whistles]
Hey.
Hey. Rodrigo.
Did you just see that?
It's a freaking hippo. man.
Do you know
how it could have got here?
Rodrigo?
Cap?
[inhales deeply]
[whispering] Rodrigo. Hey.
Why don't we have
a little water?
You're okay.
It's okay.
[coughs]
[Rodrigo] Thank you.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Hey. Cap. no one is coming.
Are you sure that tracker
was even turned on?
I'm worried that it wasn't.
W-W-What if we light a fire.
you know?
Can we do that?
That way people can see us.
you know. from far away.
[Sistine]
That's a really good idea.
[Mike] Right? Yeah.
There's...
There's fuel in that canister.
-[Sistine] I'll get it.
-[Sally] Be careful. Mikey.
Stay away from the water.
I... I will. I will. Just...
[Sistine] Just be careful.
I got it. I got it.
Good. Good.
Mike. please get
back up at the tree.
Mom. I'll be okay.
You should use the gas
to make a ring around the boat.
Light it. then one of us
should get in the water to get
the tracker. see if it's on.
Go under the boat?
The fire will keep
the hippo away.
Well. that...
That is a good idea.
Then we can find out whether or
not the tracker's actually on.
Okay. so...
which one of you
is going in then?
You guys should draw straws.
There is no way
either me or Mikey is going in.
It's your idea. you do it.
One. I can't swim.
Two. I'm the furthest away.
so it's gotta be you.
[Rodrigo inhales and sighs]
I've already got a tusk through
my shoulder today so...
So then...
that leaves me.
You don't have to.
[Mike]
You know. I was just thinking.
you know. the fire
may be enough. you know?
[Sistine] Let's give it a try.
Let's do it.
Go ahead.
Here.
Just be careful. okay?
Good job.
Good job. Mikey.
Oh. shit.
Does anyone have a light?
They're a little damp. but...
Might be able to...
[Rodrigo] I got you. Mike.
[lighter flicks]
[suspenseful music playing]
Okay. so just run me
through it one more time.
There is a red lockbox
inside the driving console.
Here's the key.
I keep the tracker phone
in there.
Just gotta bring it up here.
Yeah.
Red box. key.
Easy. yeah.
[Rodrigo] Hey.
You sure you're okay to do this?
Yep.
Just tell me again
that hippos are scared of fire.
-I...
-[Dionne] They are.
Everything's scared of fire.
You got this. Sis.
Great. Does anyone see anything?
Uh... no?
Better get in quick
before the fuel burns out.
Okay. if anyone sees anything.
you're gonna knock on the hull
like a lot. right?
We'll bang on it repeatedly.
[low snarling]
Ready?
Yeah.
[gasps softly]
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[screams]
[crying]
I'm sorry. Hannah.
I'm sorry.
[crying]
Okay.
Okay...
[door creaks open]
[gasps]
[muttering]
[thumps on boat hull]
Ah! Holy shit!
It's okay.
The fires are dying out. okay?
We got to go now.
You got it!
[both breathing heavily]
Okay. let's get out of here.
[panting]
Did you get it?
Yeah.
Get us out of here.
[sighs]
[Rodrigo] You were right.
We're okay.
It was off.
Does it still work?
Water damage
must have shut it down.
It needs to be rebooted.
You should dry it off.
[blows]
Okay...
[labored breathing]
Come on. Come on.
-[phone beeps]
-Yes.
[Dionne laughs]
There is no cell signal. but...
But I can activate the GPS.
Done.
Now we wait.
[faint rock music playing]
[cell phone beeps]
[beeping]
What the hell are you doing
all the way out there?
[engine starts]
[thunder rumbling]
[water splashes faintly]
Hey.
You hear that?
Yeah. Yeah. I heard it.
[thunder rumbling]
[faint rock music playing]
Hey! Hey. hey! We're over here!
-[Sistine] Ha!
-[Mike] Hey! Hey!
[Mike laughing]
-[Rodrigo] Help.
-[Mike] Oh. my God.
-[rock music playing]
-Yes. I love this song.
♪ We're not gonna take it
You hear that?
♪ No. we're not gonna take it
[all] ♪ We're not gonna
take it anymore ♪
[laughs]
[Mike] Hey!
Hey. we're over here!
We're over here!
-Hey! Hey!
-Can you see us?
-Over here.
-[Sally] Can you see us?
-Right here. please.
-We're saved!
[Mike] Hey!
-[loud bang]
-[engine sputters and dies]
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No.
No. no. no. no.
[eerie music playing]
[rock music resumes faintly]
♪ We're not gonna take it
♪ No. we ain't gonna take it
♪ We're not gonna
take it anymore ♪
♪ We're not gonna take it
♪ No. we ain't gonna take it
♪ We're not gonna
take it anymore ♪
[Mike groans]
[José] What are you doing
all the way out here?
Jesus Christ. Rodrigo.
And what have you done
to my boat?
[panting] Hey. boss.
We thought it got you too.
[José] I ran out of fuel.
so we're rowing home. dipshit.
Unless...
Where's your spare fuel can?
We used it to scare the hippo.
Hippo?
It killed two guests.
bit right through my shoulder.
Hippo. You sure?
-Yeah.
-[José] That's impossible.
What am I gonna do with you?
Hey. kid. you know
how to paddle?
Yes. sir. Yeah.
We have to get him in the boat.
Can you help me?
Of course. yeah.
[José] Okay.
[Mike] Rodrigo. wait...
Oh! Oh. Jesus!
I could have helped you.
Are you okay?
I'm Mike.
Hi. Mike.
You can row over there.
-Yeah. okay.
-[José] Okay.
-We're gonna be okay?
-Why don't you sit over there.
I got a job.
I'm proud of you.
Hey. is she coming?
[Mike] Uh... Hey. Sistine?
It-It's safe. Come down.
[José] Okay. ma'am.
Okay.
Okay. where are my shoes?
I need my shoes.
[José]
Ma'am. is that really necessary?
I'll tell you
what's unnecessary.
Him. That man isn't fit
to drive a boat.
And your company
skimps on safety.
I'm taking photos and notes.
And I'll be seeking
damages for trauma.
Technically we wouldn't even
be here if it wasn't for you.
-I'm not taking the blame.
-What are you doing now?
[Mike] Are you crazy?
-You did it. Apologize.
-[Mike] Hey.
-Stop. please.
-This is all your fault.
[Mike] Leave him alone!
[screams]
-Mikey!
-Hold on!
I don't need
two of you in the water.
-Let me get a light.
-Sally. no. Sally.
-[gasps]
-[Dionne] Let go of me!
[Sally] Swim to me! I got you.
[hippo snorts]
Holy shit.
-[hippo grunting]
-Hang on.
- I'm coming for you.
-Oh!
[Mike] No! Stay!
Stay there. Stay there.
[hippo croaks]
[tense music playing]
No!
No. no. no!
Mikey! Mikey!
Mikey!
Mikey! Where is he?
Where... Where...
Where is he?
[Sistine] I'm sorry.
Do you see him?
-Where is he?!
-I'm so sorry.
-So sorry. So sorry.
[dramatic music playing]
[José] Change of plan.
You are all getting back
in the trees. Now.
-[Sistine] Come on. Sally.
-[José] Back here is safe.
-Come on.
-[José] Let me think a minute.
Come on. Are you okay?
So what do we do?
Can't you just tranq it?
A few tranqs.
he might go to sleep for a bit.
-And how many do you have?
-[José] Two.
But it looks like a big bastard.
It might not be enough.
I can help you.
Well. I don't deny that.
but there's one tranq gun
and it's mine.
So let me take care of it.
and we'll be on our way.
Get into the tree. please.
[Rodrigo]
Boss. I'm not going to make it.
[José] Well. then...
You know what this is?
[bottle hisses open]
Your severance package.
[chuckles]
[bottles clink]
Sally. why don't you
come to the tree?
Sally?
Let's get on with it.
All right.
What are you going
to bait it with?
Us.
Wait. aren't hippos
vegetarian?
Correct.
Well. how's that
gonna work then?
They're territorial.
They don't like it in its space.
They will attack it.
We are in its space.
If anyone sees anything.
point in the direction.
-Do you see anything?
-No.
[Sistine] Sally?
[José] What is she doing?
Sally. just get back
on the boat.
♪ Little baby
♪ Don't say a word
♪ Mama's gonna buy you
♪ A mockingbird
Sally.
Sally. no.
Please. come back. Sally.
Shh.
Oh my God. Oh my God.
♪ ...gonna buy you
♪ A diamond ring
Miss. don't go too far.
That's enough.
Somebody do something.
♪ The sweetest
♪ Little Mikey
♪ In town
Miss. stop there.
We're going to lose you
in the mist.
Boss.
Where?
[roars]
[yelling]
Ah!
[hippo croaks]
-[flesh squishing]
-[screaming]
Shoot it!
-[growling]
-Please.
[screaming]
[roars]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[Sistine & Dionne] Swim! Swim!
[Dionne] Hurry.
[groaning]
Rodrigo!
Can you reload another tranq?
He isn't moving.
[José] Rodrigo!
He's dead.
And Sally?
She's probably dead too.
They all are.
[groans]
[José] It's been tranqued.
It's our chance.
Go down to the waterline
and start splashing it
to distract the hippo.
Then I'll wade to the boat.
I'm not going anywhere
near that water.
Do you not want
to get out of here?
You have kids. right?
My step kids.
But I raised them as my own
for the last nine years.
Apparently. I'm-- I'm distant.
So my ex-husband...
divorced me and took them away.
If you love your kids.
you will not give up.
You will fight
to see them again.
So please don't give up.
Okay.
You got this.
Yeah.
Come on. hurry up.
[shaky breathing]
[tree branches snap]
[Dionne] Okay. okay.
[José] Do it.
[leaves rustling.
water splashing]
[suspenseful music playing]
He's doing it. He's doing it.
Oh. come on.
Come on.
[ water lapping]
[roars]
[sneezes]
Oh. fuck.
[roars]
Run!
[roaring]
[tense music playing]
[José groaning]
[hippo roaring]
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
[croaking and roaring]
[grunting]
Walker?
Girl. get us out of here.
[roaring]
[José screams]
Walker!
-Walker!
-[Dionne] Did it get him?
[tense music playing]
[whimpers]
[laughs]
I'm coming to get you.
Yeah. Okay. okay.
[laughing]
I'm sorry.
[José] It's hurt.
This is our
best chance to escape.
You said that before.
[Sistine] Are we ready?
-[Dionne] Yeah.
-[José] Amen.
But keep a lookout.
Wait. Wait.
Don't. Miss. hands and legs
inside the vehicle.
[Sistine grunts]
I could have gotten that.
I hope you like snacks.
Thank you. Hannah.
[wrappers crinkling]
Energy bar.
Cookie.
How'd you make a diet nut?
Eat and row. Come on.
Only in America.
[water lapping]
[birds squawking]
[sniffs]
Japanese water hyacinth
was a gift to Louisiana
at the World's Fair in 1884.
Invasive species
grows really well here.
Started clogging the waterways.
And?
1910.
Meat shortage.
Not enough cows in America.
President Roosevelt
signed off a plan
to farm hippos in Louisiana.
They eat the hyacinth.
American eats them.
Bullshit.
You got a better explanation
why it's here?
So you've taken us to an area
filled with its favorite food
and told us there's probably
more than one?
[laughing]
Oh. you are literally
the worst tour operator ever.
Lady. I can't see in the dark.
When the sun starts to rise.
I'll point us east.
That's it.
Well. why didn't you mention
your lack of plan
when we were back in the trees?
[José] You wanted
to stay back there. did you?
Where everybody else died?
Dee. hold this. Hold it.
See in the dark.
[José] What?
Please work.
Come on. Please.
[gasps] Yes.
[camera beeps]
Night vision.
Amazing.
[water splashing]
-[wings beating]
-What was that?
[José] Our amiga's back.
[Sistine] I don't see anything.
[water bubbling]
See anything?
Hey. does that look
man-made to you?
Oh. yeah.
-Hey. remember how to row?
-Yeah.
-[oar splashing in water]
[Sistine. on recording]
Oh. here's Mike. Hey. Mike.
-Hey. Hello.
-Hi.
-Did you get it?
-Yes.
-[Mike] Hey. Hello.
-[Sistine] Hi.
It is our time capsule.
Are you good?
Yep.
Just keep going.
[oars splashing]
[Sistine] What is this place?
[José] Looks like an old
gator farm for skinning.
Okay. let's go.
[groaning]
Come on.
[dramatic music playing]
-[water splashing]
-[gasps]
Go. go. go. Go. go. go.
Go.
Be careful. Watch out.
[grunting]
Broussard.
[José] Politician.
I told you about him
this morning.
Light.
-[loud crash]
-Whoa.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[Sistine breathing heavily]
[José] They actually did it.
[Dionne] So you were right.
Hey. um. we need to look around
for anything useful.
A radio. oil.
They had to have refueled
their boats. right?
[José] I like your spirit.
but nobody's been here
for a hundred years.
Gasoline goes off.
it's gonna be useless.
Useless in boats.
but is it still gonna burn?
Oh. yes.
Okay. then we're making
a good old-fashion smoke signal.
[laughs]
Hey. guys. Up here.
[stairs creaking]
[dramatic music playing]
[Dionne] Barely used.
Import entries
from Africa in 1912.
but doesn't look like
they did any trading.
I think they tried it.
So why did they stop?
I guess you can't keep hippos.
Or they taste like shit.
-[faint thud]
-Shh.
Look at this.
They got cages.
There might be fuel outside.
I think we should check it out.
Yeah.
[door creaking]
[Sistine] Come on.
God. there must have been
a lot of them.
[José] And they're bred. too.
Look at the skeletons.
Maybe three generations in here.
[Dionne] Look.
[Sistine] It's water hyacinths.
[José] Whoever left them behind
probably thought they would be
long dead by now.
Let's go back inside.
[baby hippo crying]
[Sistine] Do you hear that?
Hey. come on.
We have to burn the place down
so people can see the fire.
No. it's there.
[baby hippo crying]
The cage fell in.
On a baby.
-[hippo snarling]
-[heavy footsteps]
[eerie music playing]
Run!
[hippo snorting]
[roaring]
[gunshot]
[screaming]
Oh!
[roaring]
Oh. my God! Come on. go.
Damn. that was my last tranq.
No. no.
I'm going to look
for stuff to burn
and pile it in the front room.
We have to find oil. okay?
[hippo roaring]
It's got to be here somewhere.
Hey.
[panting]
I think I found a way out.
[Sistine] Where does it go?
Down.
The swamp.
No. no. we can't.
Not while it's out there.
Okay? No.
It's got to be here somewhere.
Has to be.
Wait. Wait.
-What is it?
- It's empty.
[dirt sifting]
-Okay.
-Walker!
[José] What?
[Dionne]
Oh. it's so heavy.
[Sistine groaning]
[José] Hey. let me help.
It smells like oil.
Okay. let's get it
in the next room. Okay?
-I think we should just roll it.
-All right.
Put it down.
-Save your leg. save your leg.
- Okay.
-This way.
-Yep.
[liquid sloshing]
-Shit.
-Oh. shit.
It's spilling.
Oh. it's better. More to burn.
[both panting]
Oh. gosh.
Oh. it's all over my feet.
Hey. Dee. With me.
We can't stay inside.
Sistine. you are faster.
You light the fire.
Okay.
You have a light?
-Yes. I have matches.
-Great.
So let's go.
Meet you at the boat.
Okay.
It's okay. go.
Come on.
[grunting and snarling]
Hey. give me a break.
Hey. hey.
Easy. girl.
You know. take it easy. Girl...
-[hippo roars]
-You two sneak out the back.
Easy!
[Dionne screaming]
No! No!
No!
[hippo croaking]
[roaring]
[José shouting in Spanish]
I'm sorry!
[whimpering]
[screams]
[gasps]
You closed the door.
I'm just trying
to get us out of here.
We couldn't help him anyway.
I need to see my kids again.
They need me.
[hippo snarling]
[thudding]
We're gonna split up
and confuse it.
What?
Split up and confuse it.
[doors creaking]
Go. go. go!
[loud thud]
[roaring]
[Dionne] Hey. hey. hey!
-[hippo croaking]
-[Dionne yelps]
Shoo! Shoo!
Oh. God!
Hey! Hey!
That's right. come on.
-[metal clangs]
-Get to the hatch and get out.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
I'm right behind you.
If we get split up.
go to the boat.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[crack]
-Oh! Oh!
[snarling and snorting]
[whimpering]
[roaring]
[screaming]
[snorting]
[Sistine panting]
Come on.
[suspenseful music playing]
Come on. please. please. please.
[laughs]
Fuck you!
[roaring]
[panting]
[explosion rumbling]
[hippo roaring]
You said it led to the swamp.
I could only see straight down.
Oh. my leg's busted.
You'll live.
We have to go. Come on.
-[groaning]
-Come on!
-I was worried you'd say that.
-Go.
Oh!
[roaring]
Go!
-Okay...
-Grab me.
[both panting]
[baby hippo crying]
I think we should
just stay here.
Climb to the top
of the cage and wait
because somebody
is going to see that fire.
-It's huge.
-No.
Get to the boat while we can.
[baby hippo squealing]
I'm gonna stay.
I'm sorry.
No. thanks.
I'll send help.
Be careful.
Good luck to you.
And I'm sorry about all of this.
Okay. It's okay.
I'm going to help you. okay?
[squealing]
Oh. God.
[muttering and panting]
[leaves rustling.
hippo grunting]
[discordant music playing]
Shit.
[roaring]
[screaming]
[bones crunching]
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
[snarling]
[growls]
Easy. Easy.
Okay. It's okay.
[baby hippo crying]
You just want your baby.
I'm going to help you
get your baby.
[hippo hissing]
[roars]
[squealing]
You're just being
protective. right?
My mom was protective too.
[hippo roars]
[grunts]
[baby hippo cries]
[panting]
[metal gate clatters]
Please.
Please. please. please.
[grunting softly]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[dramatic music playing]
[hippo croaking]
[gentle music playing]
[crying softly]
Help me. please.
Help me!
Please. I'm here! I'm here!
[helicopter blades
whirring continuous]
Please!
Help me!
Please. help me!
[ethereal music playing]
[crying softly]
[calm music playing]
[mellow country rock
music playing]
[upbeat country music playing]
[slide guitar music playing]